it was good boy see baby I've been on
hiatus but I'm back with a quick video
to show you how to ship um to optimize
your shipping cost so if you are someone
selling shoes on YouTube you know
whenever you ship you have to get a box
to ship whatever it is your whatever
shoes your shipping so one of the things
I found or one of the things that I do
is I get used in a priority medium size
box and I modify it to fit the shoe box
exactly alright so what you're going to
do is I put you I need are some scissors
and some tape this is pretty much the
finished product right here you can it
matches the shoe box almost exactly you
can save on your shipping cost so what I
do is we're going to modify this box for
you real quick
so you guys can save some money alright
so firstly what you're going to do is
you're going to take the box you want
lay it flat and on the side that's
that's flexible you're going to set the
box on it the long way what you're going
to do is line up one side of the box
like this and then you're going to take
some scissors and make an indention on
the other side of the box right there
you take the scissors press down on the
box to kind of like tear like an
incision in it but you don't want to cut
through the box so what you do is you do
this all the way down slide the Box down
do it again to make a complete incision
alright
see the incision right there next thing
you want to do is flip the priority ups
I mean USPS box over and do the exact
same thing on the side that's that's
bendable so same exact thing
slide it up alright so now you got your
attentions and then you can open the box
on the ignition switch is made it's one
side this is other side
alright so now the box we just modified
it's the dimension of your shoebox so
next thing you want to do is these flaps
or whether the original box should be
folded so what you're going to do is
you're going to clip using your scissors
the flat a new flap so you can close the
box cut your new flaps to over cut your
flaps over when you cut in your flaps
you got us pretty much stopped where the
original flap stops alright okay now you
open your box and you pull the flaps
where you do injection is
all right do the same thing with us our
and now you have a modifier box and
that's pretty much the gist of it
there's two more things you need to
consider all right so now we just modify
the box and this isn't the original I
guess part in the box so what you want
to do is make that a little bit more
sturdy so you want to get your tape
right here and just put a piece of tape
on the modify box on the corner that you
made with the scissors and this will
assure that the box won't rip open once
you know it's in what is being shipped
all right so this cop the edges all
right and you do the whole side over get
a piece of tape let's take it down
go next your modified box all right last
name take it off eight seal the box hold
it tight down and what I like to do is
make sure the seal is tight I'll just
put the shoebox in there press it down
just take your strip off close it you
got a modified box save you a few bucks
and you can get these on fire your male
medium flat rate box is free so you can
pick up as many as you want I went in
and picked up like six of them anyway
that's it I know I've been going for a
while but it's a good reason so get
ready for a flight school come back see
you babes your boy like school gym